So let's continue customizing the pages of these commers website.
So for example you can see that in the previews adjustments combers settings for example and I'm going
to close these.
Here you can see that we have the base location and we have added the currency United States dollars.
Bob for example if you opened the front page you can see that we have $5 fight right here.
Fifty and then another is.
So maybe a good idea to display the actual currency in the front and also the other day I was trying
to buy something in the Internet and then I was thinking that it was the Mexican pestles.
So when I was finishing the process I saw that it was in dollars and embezzlers it was a fair price
but in dollars it was a lot of money.
So if you're paying Wikipedia you will find that isso four thousand two hundred seventeen.
And if you scroll a little you will find the codes for the currencies.
So for example in the case of America the United States dollar you can see there is Usie.
So for example in the case of Mexico the best choice in XP and we have no other options.
So you can see this entry and then you will find the correct code for your website.
And so here in Mexico you can see is it mixed in.
So what you want obviously is the next to the $5 or $50 or the price that we have here on the website.
So we're going up in our 8:00 hour going up and functions breaking out a common display currency in
Trico.
So we're going to go write a function can read us back on the score display you as the.
This one takes two parameters the symbol and the currency.
And of course these parameters you can name them whatever you want but when Commerce's Gallion this
function they send to two arguments to the function of course.
So we're going to have a filter in here today.
It's called Commerce currency symbol.
Then we pass this function and then we have the priority then and then the number of arguments we're
passing.
Those are going to raise.
So for example if you have a go free and they call Bre the closing pretax and then just somebody bump
symbol you can see why they were commers is sending in the symbol barabar.
So you can reload right here.
And you can see that we Cambanis then we have a dollar sign right here.
To see but there is a large dollar sign.
And that's if you send the currency you can save this and reload and you can see that we're passing
you as the so we can remove these and we can pass symbol which is a dollar sign equals to currency
and that to concatenate the value.
And we're going to concatenate the dollar sign.
Then we read through the symbol and we can save these and reload the front in and you can see that we
use the $5 and we have you as the in all the drugs.
So for example you can go here in one of these and this will happen and show us the race you use the
$5 and that's in the front page scenes.
We hook these into the currency symbol.
These will propagate these forms.
In all the different places where we're printing these prices are really simple Cosmin that we can make
to our website.
So let's continue in the next video in more more functions like this one to improve our Web site.